출처: Antonio J et al. Common questions and misconceptions about protein supplementation.
J Int Soc Sports Nutr 2024;21(1):2341903. DOI 10.1080/15502783.2024.2341903  PMID 38626029
(PDF 본문에서 결론·주요 섹션만 추려 넣음)

[Conclusions]
(1)There is no evidence that consuming dietary protein harms the kidneys of other wise healthy individuals. (2)In exercise-trained men and women, consuming a high-protein diet either has a neutral effect or may promote the loss of fat mass. (3)There is no evidence that dietary protein has a harmful effect on the bones. (4)Vegans and vegetarians can consume enough protein to support training adaptations. (5)Cheese and peanut butter are inadequate sources of protein. (6)Red meat does not likely cause unfavorable health outcomes; however, processed meat may cause potential harm (e.g.. increased cardiovascular disease risk). (7)Individuals who are not physically active still need dietary protein. (8)Protein ingestion following (≤1 hour) resistance training sessions is not an abso lute requirement to produce an anabolic environment. What appears more important is the total daily amount of dietary protein consumed. (9)Endurance athletes need additional protein (i.e., at least twice the RDA) to assist in a variety of issues related to the adaptive response to exercise. (10) One does not need protein powder to meet the daily requirements of exercisetrained individuals. However, treating protein powder differently than typical protein foods (e.g., beef, chicken, milk, etc.) does not make scientific sense. (11) For most individuals, consuming 20–30 grams of high-quality protein is sufficient to induce a significant anabolic response; nonetheless, there is data to suggest that 100 grams can elicit a higher and more prolonged anabolic response. Disclosure statement JA is the CEO of the International Society of Sports Nutrition (ISSN), a 501c3 academic nonprofit. The ISSN receives grants from companies that sell, market, and manufacture protein-containing sports nutrition products. AF is an inventor of EAA-based compositions (US11,273,138 B2, US20140343112, US20200253908). CMK ha

[2. Is protein harmful to your kidneys?]
Perhaps one of the most common misconceptions regarding dietary protein is the purported harm caused to kidney function . It is known that dietary protein intake can modulate renal function . The origin of this misconception stems back to reports which indicated that consuming protein in increased amounts would promote the development of renal disease due to increased glomerular pressure and hyperfiltration . It should be noted that issues regarding the potential harm of protein are typically associated with a clinical population. Nonetheless, this does not apply to healthy, exer cised-trained individuals. In relation to chronic kidney disease (CKD), Kamper et al. stated that “Daily red meat consumption over years may increase CKD risk, whereas white meat and dairy proteins appear to have no such effect, and fruit and vegetable proteins may be renal protective .” Thus, in this clinical population, a specific type of protein (i.e. red meat) may be detrimental. Conversely, dairy and white meat protein may be renal protective . Athletes or exercising populations commonly consume increased amounts of dietary protein, and there is no evidence that this population is at increased risk of renal disease . For example, Poortsman and Dellalieux reported that protein intakes in the range of 1.4–1.9 g/kg/day did not impair renal function in a group of athletes consuming increased amounts of dietary protein, while similar outcomes could be concluded from the results of longitudinal studies that have examined the impact of protein supplemen tation on strength and body composition changes . Original research studies have been completed that administered daily intakes of dietary protein greater than the current recommended dietary allowance (RDA) while examining changes in health, glycemic control, body composition, and fat loss . Antonio and colleagues conducted a series of studies

[3. Does consuming excess protein increase body fat mass?]
Several studies have examined the relationship between high-protein intake and gains in fat mass . It is important to note the various definitions for a “high-protein” intake. Operational definitions include protein intakes ranging from 1.0–1.8 g/kg/day, which is greater than the RDA of 0.8 g/kg/day but on the low end of recommendations for active individuals . Bray et al. reported the effects of overconsumption of low (5% energy intake), normal (15% energy intake), or high (25% energy intake) protein intakes in healthy but otherwise untrained individuals (16 males and 9 females, 18–35 yrs.). Body mass increased in all groups, and the medium and high-protein intake groups gained more mass compared to the low group; however, all groups experienced similar increases in body fat. However, the normal and high-protein groups gained lean body mass, whereas the low-protein group experienced decreased lean mass. The authors concluded that “calories alone contributed to increased body fat. In contrast, protein contributed to the changes in energy expenditure and lean body mass, but not to the increase in body fat .” Recent studies have found higher protein intakes promote favorable changes in body composition . Under hypocaloric conditions, higher protein intakes attenuate the loss of lean body mass and increase the loss of fat mass . This is well documented in healthy weight, active individuals, and overweight/obese individuals. Higher protein intakes (>1 g/kg) correlated with a decreased consumption of refined grains and sugary foods . Similar body composition changes are reported during hypercaloric conditions despite an increase in body mass. Antonio et al. conducted several studies that assessed the effects of a high-protein diet on body composition in exercised-trained individuals . In one of the studies , subjects in the high-protein group consumed 4.4 g/kg/protein, re

[4. Bone health]
Protein is involved in numerous metabolic and physiological processes critical to main taining overall health and performance . As such, athletes are often recommended to ingest a higher protein intake much greater than the general population (e.g. 1.6 g/kg/day vs. 0.8 g/kg/day . In contrast to these recommendations, there is a common misconception that higher protein intakes adversely affect bone health . This miscon ception is associated with the acid-ash hypothesis . According to this hypothesis, a dietary pattern abundant in protein and grain foods, combined with low potassium intake, generates an acidic dietary load. Consequently, this triggers heightened net acid excretion (NAE), increased calcium levels in urine, and the release of calcium from the skeleton, potentially playing a role in the onset of osteoporosis . Subsequently, an individual ingesting a high-protein diet (especially animal-based) would theoretically have an elevated risk of bone loss over a lifetime. However, there are several limitations to this purported hypothesis. First, the assumption that urinary excretion of calcium comes exclusively from bone is questionable; furthermore, there is evidence that a highprotein diet increases calcium absorbed from foods (which may counter the loss) . Secondly, it is important to consider the diet as a whole; as such, the acidity of the diet may be due to a reduction in other foods, such as fruits and vegetables, which are important for bone health . In contrast, there is evidence that a high-protein diet is beneficial for bone health. First, it is important to note that bone tissue comprises protein (50% by weight and 33% by mass) ; therefore, an adequate amount of protein is critical for bone health. Furthermore, protein stimulates insulin-like growth factor-1, which is important for bone formation . In addition, protein is important in stimulating musc

[5. Vegans and vegetarians]
training adaptations. (5)Cheese and peanut butter are inadequate sources of protein. (6)Red meat does not likely cause unfavorable health outcomes; however, processed meat may cause potential harm (e.g.. increased cardiovascular disease risk). (7)Individuals who are not physically active still need dietary protein. (8)Protein ingestion following (≤1 hour) resistance training sessions is not an abso lute requirement to produce an anabolic environment. What appears more important is the total daily amount of dietary protein consumed. (9)Endurance athletes need additional protein (i.e., at least twice the RDA) to assist in a variety of issues related to the adaptive response to exercise. (10) One does not need protein powder to meet the daily requirements of exercisetrained individuals. However, treating protein powder differently than typical protein foods (e.g., beef, chicken, milk, etc.) does not make scientific sense. (11) For most individuals, consuming 20–30 grams of high-quality protein is sufficient to induce a significant anabolic response; nonetheless, there is data to suggest that 100 grams can elicit a higher and more prolonged anabolic response. Disclosure statement JA is the CEO of the International Society of Sports Nutrition (ISSN), a 501c3 academic nonprofit. The ISSN receives grants from companies that sell, market, and manufacture protein-containing sports nutrition products. AF is an inventor of EAA-based compositions (US11,273,138 B2, US20140343112, US20200253908). CMK has no conflict of interest related to this manuscript regarding financial or business interests. Over the past 18 years, he has received grants and contracts to research dietary supplements, served as a paid consultant for industry, and received honoraria for speaking at conferences and writing lay articles about sports nutrition ingredients and topics. DGC has received grants, trave

[6. Cheese / peanut butter]
Many energy-dense food products such as cheese or peanut butter are proudly labeled as good sources of protein, a marketing tactic that might encourage uninformed individuals to consume large quantities of such foods to meet daily protein intake targets. However, these foods often have much higher fat and calorie content with lower protein content per serving compared to popular protein-rich foods such as lean meat or low-fat dairy products like Greek yogurt . In the United States, labeling laws dictate that for a food to be labeled a “good source” of protein, it must contain 10–19% of the daily reference value per serving, which equates to a range of 5–9.5 g of protein. However, consuming a single 2 tbsp serving of creamy peanut butter would not yield sufficient protein (roughly 7 g ) to align with evidence-based sports nutrition guidelines such as those put forth by the ISSN, which recommend consuming an absolute dose of protein between 20 – 40 g per meal to maximize MPS and resultant athletic recovery . Standardized US Department of Agriculture data suggests that approximately three servings (roughly 100 g) of peanut butter would be required to meet the threshold of absolute protein intake specified in these guidelines. Though 100 g of creamy peanut butter contains 24 g of protein , it also has 49.4 g of fat, resulting in 632 kcal per 100 g. Similarly, 100 g of cheddar cheese contains 23.3 g of protein, 34 g of fat, and 409 kcal . In contrast, 100 g of cooked, skinless chicken breast contains 32.1 g protein, 3.24 g fat, and 158 kcal , making it and similar foods a more compelling choice for athletes attempting to consume adequate dietary protein without also ingesting additional unnecessary calories from fat which could increase the risk of unintentional weight gain. A recent overfeeding study conducted by Antonio and colleagues illustrated the propensity for over

[7. Meat]
health outcomes? 7) Do you need protein if you are not physically active? 8) Do you need to consume protein ≤ 1 hour following resistance training ARTICLE HISTORY Received 14 August 2023 Accepted 7 April 2024 KEYWORDS Erogenic aid; performance; exercise; supplement CONTACT Jose Antonio Jose.Antonio@nova.edu Department of Health and Human Performance, Nova Southeastern University, 3401 S. University Drive, Davie, Florida, USA , VOL. 21, NO. 1, 2341903 https://doi.org/10.1080/15502783.2024.2341903 © 2024 The Author(s). Published by Informa UK Limited, trading as Taylor & Francis Group. This is an Open Access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License (http://creativecommons.org/ licenses/by/4.0/ ), which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original work is properly cited. The terms on which this article has been published allow the posting of the Accepted Manuscript in a repository by the author(s) or with their consent. sessions to create an anabolic environment in skeletal mus cle? 9) Do endurance athletes need additional protein? 10) Does one need protein supplements to meet the daily require ments of exercise-trained individuals? 11) Is there a limit to how much protein one can consume in a single meal? To address these questions, we have conducted a thorough scien tific assessment of the literature concerning protein supplementation. 1.Introduction The International Society of Sports Nutrition (ISSN) initially published a Position Stand on Protein in 2007 ; subsequently, a revision of that paper came out in 2017 . As of 2023, the 2017 Position Stand on Protein has been cited 890 times. Despite the extensive outreach of the 2017 ISSN position stand paper and numerous reviews and meta-analyzes on protein , questions and misconceptions regarding protein intake persist. Indeed, some

[8. Not physically active]
Generally, it is believed that only athletes or physically active individuals need protein. However, protein plays a critical role in various physiological processes in the human body, such as protein synthesis, cell signaling, satiety, thermogenesis, and glycemic regulation . The human body comprises approximately 50,000 distinct proteins, of which 65% are found in skeletal muscle . Therefore, adequate dietary protein is essential to maintain muscle, bone, and overall health . The Institute of Medicine advised that all healthy adults require a minimum of 0.8 g/kg/day and an estimated average requirement (EAR) of 0.66 g/kg/day to maintain bodily functions and general health. However, evidence suggests that these recommen dations may need to be revised for sedentary individuals . The basis for these protein intake recommendations is drawn from 19 studies that examined nitrogen balance, which measures nitrogen loss (via waste products and sweat) against nitrogen intake (via food consumption) . However, the nitrogen balance method is complex and has over estimated nitrogen retention with an underestimated excretion, thus underestimating protein needs . In a follow-up analysis using 28 nitrogen balance studies (includ ing the 19 studies used in the Rand et al. 2003 study), Humayun et al. used a twophase linear regression instead of the linear regression that was used in the analysis and recommendation of Rand et al. for the 0.8 g/kg/day recommendation for today’s 0.8 g/kg/day recommendation. Humayun et al. suggest that a range of 0.91–0.99 g/kg/ day is recommended for sedentary adults, which is 12–20% higher than current recommendations. Humayun et al. also employed a newer measure, the indicator amino acid oxidation (IAAO) method, to reassess protein requirements. The IAAO method estimates daily protein needs by gauging the efficiency of our body using a specific indica

[10. Endurance athletes]
While carbohydrate and lipid oxidation account for the large majority of fuel metabolism during endurance exercise, more prolonged bouts (i.e. >2 h) also begin to enhance the oxidation of amino acids, particularly leucine. Additionally, small intestine injury can result from more prolonged or intense endurance training related to hypoxia .In both scenarios, negative whole-body protein balance is a common result . Though much of the protein research involving resistance training is often focused on MPS and/or skeletal muscle hypertrophy, p